[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure
that the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he stood
upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER]
You want my treasure?
You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR] Now, those who dare
to dream hoist their flags
and sail into the
Great Pirate Era!
The time has come.
Finally, the end of the
Great Pirate Era is approaching.
Good riddance.
Soon, Master Z!
[NARRATOR]
Meanwhile, the Straw Hat Pirates
have left Fishman Island
and are making their ascent
into the New World.
[LUFFY]
"Z's Ambition!
Lily the Little Giant!"
What's the Navy doing here?
And there's a
buttload of 'em, too!
Worst of all, they've got us
surrounded from every side!
All 360 degrees!
I'm not surprised.
Nothing gets past the Navy.
They see our every move.
Guess we'll be fighting
for our lives again.
They'll chase us to
the gates of hell.
You guys are way
too calm right now!
This weather.
[CHOPPER]
They're getting closer to us!
What's the plan, Luffy?
Hang on. Wasn't he right there?
[LUFFY chuckling]
Don't back down!
They don't scare me!
Straight ahead!
Push through!
Let's go!
Are you nuts?
There's too many!
Less whining,
more ass-kicking, right?
You heard the boss!
Get ready to fire!
Chopper, go fill
the tank with cola!
Sure, whatever,
I'm gonna die anyway!
Leave the ones
in the front to me!
We'll take the ones
on the sides!
I can handle the back!
Let's do this!
Okay, all set!
[NAMI]
Wait, Usopp!
[USOPP grunts]
We don't have to fight them.
Are you sure?
Third Gear!
[LUFFY]
Gum-Gum Giant Pistol!
[ROBIN] The ships are
vanishing into thin air!
[CHOPPER]
And the rain stopped!
[NAMI]
Thought so.
I'm confused.
What we saw was a kind of mirage
that only happens in this area.
Oh, really?
That's good.
[NAMI]
Don't let your guard down.
If I'm right, then...
[gasps] Then that wasn't all!
No way!
[GROUP]
Giant raindrops!
[CHOPPER]
What's with this weather?
[NAMI] Maubeugemour Sea
always has bad weather!
"Meat galore"?
No, "Maubeugemour"!
Also called
"The Ill-Tempered Sea"!
This place has every
kind of terrible weather
you can think of,
and even a few you'd
never know existed at all!
Chopper...
[CHOPPER yells]
Is that hail?
Yeah, I'd say that's
pretty ill-tempered.
[GROUP yells]
[CHOPPER]
It's big too!
Three-sixty Caliber... Phoenix!
[CHOPPER yells]
Ooh, cotton candy!
[USOPP]
A sky avalanche, of course!
All right, Mil Fleurs!
Gigantesco Mano!
[USOPP]
Nice one, Robin!
[laughs]
Okay, now it's just
raining like normal.
Oh, that doesn't seem so ba--
[NAMI yells]
What's gonna happen to us now?
[USOPP]
I don't believe this.
[GROUPI]
The ocean split in half!
[FRANKY]
What the hell, man!
Does this count as
sinking, or what?
I think we're about to end up
in the deep sea again!
No.
We'll probably hit a rock
and die before that.
[USOPP]
Like I said, way too calm!
Well, this is pretty awesome.
There's no time
to be impressed, Luffy!
Yeah, how do we get away?
Stretch out.
--Cut.
--Kick.
Does anybody have a real plan?
[FRANKY]
The Sunny's got your back, bro!
Coup... de Burst!
[chuckles]
[GROUP]
Yeah!
Thanks, Franky!
[ALL yell]
[CHOPPER]
Now we get roasted alive?
[LUFFY groans]
I'll take the "alive" part.
I'm impressed.
You sure know a lot about
the weather here, Nami.
It's no big deal.
I've learned as much
as I could about
the New World for
the past two years.
I could really use
a cold beer right now.
And I'm hungry!
Yeah, me too.
Oh, yeah, that's right!
We caught a huge
fish back there!
[cheering]
[SANJI]
I hate to break it to you,
but it looks like most of it
got ruined in the storm.
There's not much left.
[GROUP]
What?!
Don't worry though, I had
already set some aside.
I'll whip us up something good.
I just need a sec.
Let's see, we'll start things
off with a little carpaccio.
Then for the soup,
I'll make a deep-sea
fish bouillabaisse.
Now, what about the main dish?
[SANJI]
Food's ready!
Come and get it.
[GROUP]
All right!
[SANJI]
Hmm, looks pretty good!
Let's eat! Let's eat!
[SANJI]
The first course is carpaccio.
Go ahead. Eat up.
Hey, where'd you put it?
It's right in
front of your face.
Oh, ha ha, very funny,
now where's the grub?
What the hell are you
talking abo-- Hey!
But I... Hey!
[GROUP]
Boo!
You just ate it, didn't you?
Of course we didn't!
Then who did?
Don't tell me,
the Maubeugemour sea
is haunted by hungry ghosts!
[LILY]
Oh, yummy!
[laughing]
[CHOPPER yells]
I was right!
It ate the soup too?!
No way!
[LUFFY]
Hey, what's that on the counter?
[USOPP]
A bug?
[CHOPPER]
A ghost bug!
It was you!
I don't think so, Luffy.
What the--?
[SANJI]
Agh! Come on, really?
[SANJI] Damn!
How hungry can you be?
No joke!
You're dead, ghost bug!
[CHOPPER]
I think it just went outside!
Oh, man.
I'm almost afraid to look.
It ate everything in the fridge!
[USOPP]
Wh--!
Where did he go?
I can't keep track of him!
[NAMI]
What are you yelling about?
There's a ghost bug on the ship!
[NAMI]
Huh?
And it's a dirty little
food-snatcher!
[LILY] Who are you calling
a food-snatcher?
If you don't want people
to eat your food,
then don't leave it
laying around!
Huh? What's wrong?
You're a rotten thief
and you know it!
What? No, I was framed, I swear!
[LUFFY grunts]
[BROOK]
Huh?
[LUFFY]
Damn, I lost it.
That little bastard's about to
eat us out of house and home!
And booze!
Oh, hell no!
Where are you?
[LUFFY]
Hey, you're...
...a person!
I'll teach you to steal my food!
[CHOPPER]
Found ya!
--Huh?
[ZORO]
Damn it!
[USOPP]
Franky, grab her!
I'm ready!
[LILY]
I can't let them catch me.
I've come too far!
Hold it!
[FRANKY yells]
She's little, but she
must be tough
if she can knock over Franky!
If that's the case,
then we can't show her
any mercy.
[LILY]
I've got no choice!
I'll have to bust out
the Mini-Mini
Full Rebound on you!
[GROUP]
Huh?
[GROUP gasps]
Hey, check it out!
[GROUP]
She's a giant!
That is cool!
What an amazing woman!
And so cute!
[USOPP]
Run!
I do love a long-legged lady!
This is bad!
Stay away!
No hard feelings, okay pal?
Oh, I got a few!
[LILY]
Fine! Then here ya go!
[LUFFY grunts]
No way!
Nice! Go get her, Luffy!
[LUFFY]
Gum-Gum Propeller!
[LILY yelling]
[LUFFY]
Propeller Wind-down!
[LILY yelling]
Uh-oh.
I don't think she knows
how to swim.
Don't worry, sweetheart,
I'm on my way!
Maybe she can't swim because
she's got Devil Fruit
powers like you, Luffy!
[LILY]
I'm so sorry, Dad.
I don't think I'm gonna make it.
[SANJI]
She's... shrinking.
[LILY]
Dad... Dad!
I'll save you no matter
what it takes!
Just wait for me, okay?
[LILY gasps]
Oh, no!
[CHOPPER]
Thank goodness.
She woke up.
Are you feeling
better, beautiful?
[LUFFY]
Hey, you!
[SANJI] Dammit, Luffy,
don't you know you should never
hit a lady?
So you can make yourself
smaller and bigger?
That's pretty lucky!
--[LILY] Huh?
--[LUFFY chuckles]
Uh, well...
I'm a giant, but I ate
the Mini-Mini Fruit,
and, well, this is the ability
that comes with it.
You're a giant?
[LILY]
Uh, technically, yeah.
But these days I pretty much
stick to being this size.
I can shrink my height
down to 5 millimeters,
or I can grow to be as
tall as any other giant!
Whoa. That's a neat power!
[LILY]
Really?
Yeah! And you're super strong!
I mean, you knocked Franky down
even though you were tiny!
That's because when
I shrink down,
I still carry all the strength
of a regular-sized giant!
Here let me show you.
See?
[GROUP]
Whoa!
[LUFFY]
Woohoo!
Must be nice to be so carefree.
He's already forgotten
about the food.
Yeah, that's our
captain for you.
So, what other fun stuff
can you do?
Uh, well...
I do know one more technique.
I can crawl into somebody's
body, and then,
when I start growing bigger,
they pop like balloons!
[USOPP, CHOPPER gasp]
Sweet, so I can turn
into a giant too!
[LILY]
Huh? What do you mean?
See, Luffy's whole body
is made out of rubber.
So if you did that
to him, he'd stretch.
Wow, are you serious?
That must be really useful!
So what can I call you,
well, besides "babe"?
Oh! My name's Lily Enstomach.
But some people call me
"Lily the Glutton."
Guess 'cause I eat
a lot for a girl!
Okay, so what are you
doing aboard our ship?
It just kinda
happened, actually.
I was waiting for
somebody out at sea,
and suddenly, bam!
Your ship just flew up
out of the water
and knocked me onboard!
You were waiting for someone
in the middle of the sea?
Are they a fish?
Nope. Just my dad.
[screams]
Why am I still wasting
my time chatting with you?!
[LILY yelling]
Hey, what's the matter with her?
Cool it!
Your head's way too big
for your body! It's weird!
The bottle's in pieces now!
What am I gonna do?
I can't believe it!
And I had to sneak on
all those stupid
Navy battleships
to make it here, too!
I'm never gonna get back
to my Dad at this rate!
Hold on, so you got separated
from him or what?
Can you tell us
something about him?
I'll have you know,
he happens to be
the greatest pirate chef
in the New World!
Your dad's a pirate chef?
What's his name?
I might have heard of him.
Why, it's Panz Fry, of course!
[SANJI]
Oh, yeah, everyone knows him!
Wow, he must be famous!
[LILY] He's a master
of volcano cooking!
Volcano?
I don't know what that is,
but it sounds good!
Yeah, it's delicious!
And now my mouth's watering!
[LILY] My favorite is
churrasco sea-monster!
The seasoning's made of
rare herbs that only grow
around volcanoes,
mixed with million-year-old
salt crystals harvested
from between molten rocks!
Then he sprinkles
all that over tender,
juicy sea-monster meat
and stews it
inside a volcano till
it's roasted just right!
[LUFFY]
Yummy!
Think that's yummy?
That's not all he can do!
Tell me more!
[LILY] There's one recipe where
he fills a giant frying pan
with delicacies from
the land and sea.
Then cooks the whole
thing over the volcano!
It's called a
Thousand-Person Paella!
Once you take the first bite,
it's like running through a
field of flowers in heaven!
Only the field is the rice,
and the flowers are all
the succulent flavors!
[LUFFY] Sweet! I wanna
go to flavor heaven!
Food of the gods! All right!
Wait, I don't have time
to chit-chat with you!
But you brought it up.
--[LILY yelling]
--[ROBIN] Come to think of it.
I've heard a few things
about this Panz Fry as well.
Like he loves to cook.
Especially for poor
and starving people.
He's known for stealing
the ingredients he needs
from other pirates, the Navy,
and even the government.
If that's true...
...then your dad's a hero!
[LILY laughs] Aw, that's got
nothing to do with me.
Ah! There's no time
for flattery either!
[NAMI]
Forget that. What happened?
[LILY]
Oh, right!
Well, Dad and I were
having fun pirating around
together for a long time.
But then, a couple of weeks ago,
he suddenly went missing.
I heard a rumor that he
was taken by the Navy.
I was asking around on
every island I went to.
And then I read in the
paper that he was being
sent to Impel Down.
Impel Down?
Why would they send him there?
He's a good guy!
That's true, but he also has
a 320 million Berry bounty.
That's pretty high! What for?
Well, he was stealing
ingredients from the Navy
and the government, remember?
It started adding up
before he knew it.
After he disappeared,
I managed to make it
this far on my own.
But the ship I was on got
destroyed in that storm.
I was totally lost.
[FRANKY]
You sure do love your old man!
You're such a good girl!
Of all the rotten places he
could've ended up, though.
Impel Down's really rough.
I almost died there.
[LILY] Yeah, I'm not
planning on going there.
But what about your old man?
It's just... I overheard a call
back when I was hiding
on that warship.
[MARINE A]
That's right, sir.
We're travelling across
the Maubeugemour Sea
with Panz Fry.
The ship that's carrying Dad--
it's gonna pass right
through this area!
What? That's terrible news!
I don't want to cross
paths with the Navy!
Yeah, I'm with Brook!
If the Navy comes here,
it's not gonna be pretty!
True, but I have to save Dad!
And I'll do whatever it takes!
If they take him to Impel Down,
I'll probably never
see him again!
Catching that Navy ship
is my only chance!
You're serious.
[LILY] I'm sorry for
bothering you guys.
I don't want to cause
you any more trouble.
Just give me an empty bottle,
and I'll get off your ship
right now, okay?
You should get out of
here before they find you.
[LUFFY]
Lily.
Look.
I wanna help
save your dad!
If he's the only one
who can cook like that,
then we have to get him out
so I can try it, right?
[USOPP] Besides,
your dad's a good person!
I can't turn down
a chance to meet a hero!
But why would you guys want to--
[SANJI]
'Cause it's what we do.
We're happy to help out.
Don't worry.
Yup! Just leave it to us!
I may be a pervert, little lady.
But I'm super dependable!
[BROOK]
Yo ho ho!
What better way to start off
in the New World
than kicking the Navy's ass?
Works fine for me.
Indeed. This must be fate!
I don't know. Are you sure?
Uh-huh! Count us in!
Luffy! Thank you!
But don't forget.
After we save your dad,
I want some of that
fancy cooking!
Of course!
That won't be a problem!
He'll make you so much food,
your stomach's gonna explode!
[NEO MARINE B]
Shuzo, come in!
Do you copy?
Oh, the Commander?
He can't talk now.
He's very busy at the moment.
I'll give him a message
for you, though.
[NEO MARINE B] All ships were
supposed to turn out today.
Where were you?
Are you there? Answer me!
What's your location?
[NEO MARINE B]
Huh?
I won't tolerate
this game of yours.
[NEO MARINE A]
Uh... Ain?
[AIN]
I know you're listening, Shuzo.
[NEO MARINE A]
Sir.
We're on our way right now--
that's the best I can do.
We will be arriving in
the Maubeugemour Sea
soon enough.
Why would you come here
by such a roundabout way?
Obviously you don't
understand the urgency
of this mission, Shuzo.
I understand it perfectly.
[AIN]
Then tell me why--
Be quiet!
[ALPACACINO bleats]
[SHUZO] I have received
word that a ship carrying
that arrogant pirate Panz Fry
will be passing through
the area soon.
If we let them take him
to Impel Down,
he will continue to live,
and I cannot abide that!
Every single pirate
in the New World
must be exterminated
at all costs!
As I recall, that's the
objective of the Neo Navy,
isn't it?
[AIN] Yes, but If we allow
you to do as you please,
it's only a matter of time
before the Navy catches on.
That means no more detours.
[SHUZO]
Stop worrying.
If we sink him along
with the Navy,
there'll be no proof!
Now, I am going to
pull off this operation.
And once I'm finished,
he will see I can make
a better right-hand-man
than you'll ever be.
Do you understand me, Ain?
[ALPACACINO bleats]
[AIN] I don't need to remind
you of the consequences
should you fail.
[SHUZO]
No.
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL]
Cuh-lick!
[SHUZO]
Little rat.
Attention, all hands!
It's time to show the pathetic
Navy that the Neo Navy
is the ultimate authority
on the high seas!
Now prepare to surface!
Let's go!
[ALPACACINO bleats]
[NEO MARINES]
Sir!
[USOPP] Whoa, the wind's
picking up again!
Great, more crazy weather.
[NAMI]
I think it's just fog this time.
[BROOK]
We're losing visibility.
It's gonna be a lot harder
to spot your old man
in all this, huh?
[LILY]
Yeah.
Hey. Lily. What's that?
[LUFFY]
It's the Navy!
[LILY]
There's my dad!
He's so big!
Okay.
You ready?
Don't worry, Lily.
We'll make sure
your dad goes free!
[NARRATOR] Luffy and friends
begin to carry out Nami's scheme
to save Lily's father.
But when plans go astray,
our heroes find themselves
engaged in a harrowing battle
with officers from the Navy.
After the fight, the rescue
appears to have been successful,
until a new enemy comes onto
the scene and attacks both
the Straw Hats
and the Navy ships.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece:
"Z's Ambition!
A Dark and Powerful Army!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!